docs: sanitize examples (#226)
vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-password-management: docs/documentation/functions/Request-SsoPasswordComplexity.md

### Example 1

```powershell

> Request-SsoPasswordComplexity -server <fqdn> -user <admin_username> -pass <admin_password> -domain <workload_omain_name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request-SsoPasswordComplexity -server <fqdn> -user <admin_username> -pass <admin_password> -domain <workload_domain_name>

```

```

> This example retrieves the password complexity policy for vCenter Single Sign-On domain of wthe orkload domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example retrieves the password complexity policy for vCenter Single Sign-On domain of the workload domain.

```

### Example 2

```powershell

> Request-SsoPasswordComplexity -server <fqdn> -user <admin_username> -pass <admin_password> -domain <workload_omain_name> -drift -reportPath <report_path> -policyFile <policy_file>.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request-SsoPasswordComplexity -server <fqdn> -user <admin_username> -pass <admin_password> -domain <workload_domain_name> -drift -reportPath <report_path> -policyFile <policy_file>.json

```

```

> This example retrieves the password complexity policy for vCenter Single Sign-On domain of wthe orkload domain and compares the configuration against the policy configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example retrieves the password complexity policy for vCenter Single Sign-On domain of the workload domain and compares the configuration against the policy configuration file.

```

### Example 3

```powershell

> Request-SsoPasswordComplexity -server <fqdn> -user <admin_username> -pass <admin_password> -domain <workload_omain_name> -drift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request-SsoPasswordComplexity -server <fqdn> -user <admin_username> -pass <admin_password> -domain <workload_domain_name> -drift

```

```

> This example retrieves the password complexity policy for vCenter Single Sign-On domain of wthe orkload domain and compares the configuration against the product defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example retrieves the password complexity policy for vCenter Single Sign-On domain of the workload domain and compares the configuration against the product defaults.

```
